# Content of Project
* [General info](#general-info)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Features](#features)
* [Project Status](#project-status)
* [Setup](#setup)



## General info
Welcome to the Construction Calculators Platform!<br> This application integrates multiple construction calculators, designed to assist construction designers throughout the project design process.

To login you can sign up and create a new account or use the credentials below:

<ul>
    <li><b>Email: galawoj@gmail.com</b></li>
    <li><b>password: 1234567</b></li>
</ul>

## Technologies
<ul>
<li>React 18.2.0</li>
<li>Firebase 10.4.0</li>
</ul>

## Features

#### User Registration

<ul>
<li>
Upon registration using email and password, a personal user account is created, granting access to the platform. 
</li>
</ul>

#### Subscription Model:
<ul>
<li>To access a specific calculator, users must purchase a subscription by clicking the "Buy 30-day Subscription" button.</li>
<li>Separate subscriptions are required for each calculator.</li>
</ul>

#### Subscription Management:

<ul>
<li>After purchasing a subscription, the corresponding calculator button is unlocked.</li>
<li>A window appears on the right side of the screen, providing information on the remaining subscription time with an option to cancel the subscription.</li>
<li>If the subscription period elapses, access to the specific calculator is blocked.</li>
</ul>

#### Intuitive Calculator Interface:

<ul>
    <li>Each calculator has an intuitive interface designed for easy use by construction designers.</li>
    <li>Users can easily input required data into the forms to obtain the necessary calculations.</li>
</ul>

#### Calculation Results:

<ul>
    <li>Users receive calculation results generated by an external Rest API (Note: API not included in this project).</li>
   
</ul>

#### Technology Stack:

<ul>
<li>Utilization of Firebase for registration, login, user account creation and database</li>
</ul>

## Project Status

Development of the platform is ongoing, and this is not the final product. 
<ul>
<li>Currently, only the "Beam Designer" calculator is available.</li>
<li>Users incur no costs when "purchasing" a subscription.</li>
</ul>

## Setup

To run this project, enter the webside <b>https://galawoj.github.io/kalkulator/</b> or clone my repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/galawoj/kalkulator_edit
```


### Starting

```
$ cd ../kalkulator_edit
$ npm install
$ npm start
```